[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: Next exercise is
makeArray This get something that's
array like, and converts it into
a true JavaScript array.tin
This is super useful because there
despite us are making our dollar each be
cool with if something is array like or
not, and still will iterate through it.
No matter what you pass it.
There's a lot of things that
really need an array to work and
$.makeArray will take whatever it is,
and this is in case a no list and
run through it and
copy it into a real array.
So anything you pass this that's
array like, that's not really array,
dollar array will make it an array.
So that's our next exercise.
You can actually use your new dollar
each to make this a little bit easier.
The task essentially just make sure
these things that are array like
are coming back as arrays.
You almost could just cheat and
turn your dollar is array to return true.
And then your test would pass,
but don't do it that way.
So any other questions about how we
implement this, again just to to repeat.
You really just wanna loop through your
thing that's array like and create another
array and you can just push items into
that array or just add items set array.
There's other trickier ways of doing
this too, where you could still arrays
slice methods but
we're not you know how to do it that way.